# Changelog


## v1.1.0

This update is focused on making a better default application state for your website and less on new and modified components.

### Features

- Added SVG fix for IE9-11
- Added OpenGraph yields to global template
- Created aspects folder in stylesheets
- Conform.js rebuild - [Documentation](https://bitbucket.org/dbaines/conform/overview)
- Added CommonControllerActions (commented out) in styleguide controller for Koi support
- Added above_layout and below_layout yields + docs
- Added a flexible page layout with sidebar and sidebar_right yields
- Removed VERSION file in favour of `/ornament/version.rb`, showing version on styleguide.
- `Ornament.measure($element, metric)` is a new Ornament JS function to measure a hidden element.
- Added `.panel-spacing` class to space out panels.
- input-placeholder mixin for targeting placeholders across browsers
- Rebuilt button mixins and classes
- Added `$delegate` to both list mixins and made padding specifically set on the sides required (eg. left/right for `list-horizontal`) to prevent specificity issues when trying to set padding on other sides.
- Added more customisation to the `icon-block` mixin to set custom widths and heights across the icon and the block.
- Added `icon-table` for creating a vertically aligned block that consists of an icon and a label of variable height.
- Typography resets for del, sup, sub
- Added toggle.js to toggle things on/off
- Added read-more.js for revealing more content
- Added small-type mixin and moved `<small>` styles in to that mixin.
- Added some icon button classes
- Added support for custom gutters in spang: `@include spang(1,2,$custom-gutter:2px);`
- Added onlyOneTooltipAtATime setting to the tooltip component. Defaulted to false. Setting to true will hide other tooltips when showing a new tooltip.

### Changes

- Breaking change: Changed `.checkbox_single` to `.checkbox__single` to match BEM formatting.
- Moved content.css in to the new aspects folder and separated in to different aspects.
- Moved input spacing out of forms.css and in to the aspects folder as inputs.css
- Changed content--title to page--title and moved in to new page.css file
- Moved grunticon loader JS file in to /grunt as it's not used for anything
- Moved show.js in to javascripts/utilities rather than javascripts/components.
- Moved conform.js in to javascripts/components
- Updated docs for event tracking, moved in to new javascript utilities section in docs.
- Updated SimpleForm initialiser to use new config.label_text to avoid crashing when uncommenting the config.label_text
- Better code samples in documentation. Code samples are generated by the same code as the on-page examples. Applied to:
  - Forms
  - Maps
  - Menu Aim
  - Pagination
  - Panels
  - Selector
  - Tables
  - Tabs
- Cleaned up the markup in the form samples page
- Made checkboxes and radios vertical lists by default, horizontal by applying `.form--horizontal` to the wrapper.
- The main content area now doesn't get rendered if there's no content_for :global or any other un-specified content. For example if you have a page that only consists of content_for(:above_layout), the :above_layout yield will now stretch to the header and the footer with no gap left behind for the regular content.
- Added `min-height: 1px` to columns created by `spang`, this prevents columns with no content in them from collapsing.

### Bugfixes

- Mobile Navigation - First pane is now sized based on the entire height of the `firstPaneClass` element rather than just the navigation elements. This way navigation won't cut off if the first pane contains something other than navigation such as a logo.
- Fixed psuedo-elements being misaligned in <button> elements in IE.
- Added `overflow: hidden` to `.layout--main` to stop things from breaking out in to the mobile menu.

## v1.0.0

### Features

- Documentation!
- Styleguide layout and styleguide stylesheet
- Getting started section for the styleguide
- Reworked typography and content styles with smart defaults
- Spang - Easy grids
- Vetre - Vertically centred responsive image
- Maps component for easily adding google maps
- Media Query mixin
- Breakpoint helper
- Map component for easily adding Google maps
- Lightbox compenent using Magnific Popup
- Text limiter for input fields
- Drag and Drop image uploader
- Select Links for turning a select menu in to a navigation control
- Flexible Inputs
- Selector component
- Object slider
- Sliding nested mobile navigation with heaps of public functions to control from anywhere
- `Ornament.windowWidth` and `Ornament.windowHeight` for browser agnostic window measurements
- Grunticon with sample icons for pagination, mobile menu, menu button etc.
- Basic print stylesheet
- Flash Message partial
- Responsive embeds

### Changes

- Merged mobile footer and desktop footer in to one location.
- Rebuilt tooltips using data-attributes
- Rebuilt tabs using data-attributes
- Re-organised existing form styles and added form-groups

### Removals

- Prototyping components like split and float.
- Navigation-dropdown & navigation-horizontal
- Removed some of the duplicate `.layout--container` elements from the global stylesheet
- Typography mixin